# 6WCSERVER-WD-202-Depresso

I.	INTRODUCTION

A.	System Background
Depresso is a one-of-a-kind coffee shop in Pampanga. It is not only a spot where you may stop in for a cup of coffee in the morning but also a place where you can sit and enjoy that custom-made cup of coffee. The shop offers a soft-seating area in front of a stone fireplace that is ideal for your tired mind and body if you need to rest. Depresso's fully educated baristas prepare a delightful selection of coffee. From conventional coffee to house-made specialty beverages, they have it all. All of their sauces and syrups are created in-house using only natural ingredients (no chemicals or preservatives), providing the best taste and health.
Depresso became famous not only in the neighborhood but also among local and international tourists. Due to popular demand, Depresso cannot accommodate and entertain all the orders. The web developers noticed that sometimes the customers call at the same time and the shop has only one phone number and this makes it difficult. Moreover, when the pandemic began, society has been limited in everything outside their house, and it feels as if you are condemned to the outside world. Depresso loses a customer most of the time which leads the developers to come up with an ordering website that will make everyone convenient. It is an app-based store menu that allows the customers to feel as if they are visiting the coffee shop with a single click from your technological device.	

	In research from Robson (2019), The story of coffee begins in Ethiopia's luscious mountains, the natural home of the exquisite Coffea arabica plant. Even though plant is known as "coffee beans," it is not a bean, and the coffee tree's fruits resemble cherries when initially gathered. Coffee was previously a well-kept secret that was utilized to enhance religious rites. However, as it started expanding globally, it became an uncontrollable influence. It's a dark, rich liquid that spreads around the world, powering our economies. It's one of the most widely traded goods. And there are concerns that, with seemingly unstoppable demand, we may eventually run out of resources. In agreement with Anderson (2021), the feeling of warmth and relaxation that coffee shops can bring is one of the key reasons why they have become so popular over the last decade. This sensation is amplified when comparing coffee shops to other competitive establishments like restaurants, pubs, and fast-food chains.

As stated by Brad (2017), the "human factor" causes more errors with call-in orders. Customers' tweaks or variations are sometimes lost in the commotion of a crowded restaurant and never incorporated into the program. Your competitors will be consistently expanding online ordering sales whereas you wait for the phone to ring. Congruent with Leung (2021), the widespread usage of mobile devices has profoundly altered how people select their next meal. Restaurants that allow customers to order from their phones have noticed a clear benefit from the convenience. This is certainly relevant during COVID-19 when many establishments' main source of money is online ordering.

Conforming to Batra (n.d.), a restaurant's day-to-day operations can be made more efficient by using an online ordering system. When a consumer places an order online, on the other hand, they take their time to read the menu and become familiar with the add-on bargains and offers that your restaurant must provide. This can result in a rise in the overall sale value per order that is exponential. In proportion to Editorial Team (2022), considering that all order fulfillment operations are centralized in one online ordering system, there is less potential for error. Faster order processing and deliveries backed by clever automation result in an overall pleasant client experience. Since most customer order procedures are automated and do not require additional staff, the costs of operating a food business are greatly lowered.


B.	Objectives
Specific: Improve online order efficiency and customer service.
Measurable: Increase customer order rate by 20% versus one year ago.
Achievable: Online order rate represents the incremental improvement versus 2021.
Relevant: Customer experience will determine our course of action.
Time-Bound: Set a numerical goal for each quarter of 2022.
